# Dummy

This is a project that allows you to play the card game rummy 500 on the computer. Currently, there is a rule-based bot you can play against, or you can play with a friend over the messaging app signal.

## Building

Clone the repo with `--recurse-submodules`, and then build with cmake. For linux, make a directory called build, and run `cmake -S . -B build/ -G Ninja && cd build && ninja`. This generates a few binaries, `ai-trainer`, `console-client` and `signal-client`.

## Dependencies

All are included as git submodules. The dependencies are dlib for deep learning, nlohmann's json for talking to signal-cli and boost for C++ utilities. However, to use the signal client, you will need a working installation of signa-cli in your path. I also now use [ctrack](https://github.com/Compaile/ctrack) for a bit of profiling, this is a single header file included in the repository.

## Binaries

The following binaries are generated by cmake:

### ai-trainer

This program trains an ai using a basic evolution algorithm, and saves the top few from each generation. There is currently no way to play against them. Once I get a model with ok performance, I will add that option to `console-client`. This program is heavy on system resources, and will use all the CPU available.

### console-client

This program lets you play against a simple, stupid, rule-based bot. It just plays random stuff.

### signal-client

This program lets you play against someone over the signal messenger. It requires you to have a working installation of [signal-cli](https://github.com/AsamK/signal-cli) in your path.
